How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It isolated the parts of code that were different between the two versions
    and allowed to focus attention on the parts that could potentially cause problems.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Sometimes things go wrong between versions and you need to go back to the previous version.
    Having older versions available saves time.
    Also, sometimes you make changes to the approach you take to solve the problem.
    So your program can work just fine but later you realize that the old approach was better.
    In this case you want to be able to easily go back to the previous version.
    Sometimes you might want to test what works better and compare performance of various 
    versions against each other.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros of manual commit are that you can make sure that your commits have logical meaning.
    This way your commit history is easier to understand.
    The obvious con is that you can forget to commit when needed and end up having too much code for one commit to comfortably process.
    You can even lose some of your work if the system crushes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    That probably has to do with the nature of files the systems are dealing with.
    In Google Docs's case, files are more often text files or pictures.
    So it wouldn't really be beneficial to save all the files at the same time when only one changed
    and they probably would rarely affect each other.
    Git, on the other hand, specializes in saving files with code.
    It is very common for several files to be closely connected and used at the same time.
    So a change in one file will often require a change in another file as well.
    It makes sense to save such files at the same time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log allows to see all commit ids and the corresponding commit messages in reverse chronological order.
    This is useful to locate a specific commit that has the change of interest.
    After the commit id of interest is found using git log, you can use git diff to see which lines of code
    were added and removed compared to the version of the previous version of the file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    When you know you can easily revert to previous version, you may stop paying as much attention to the changes you make.
    It is so easy to  go back.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Try to keep changes of my code and understand why it is so useful.